Indexmeister / Imbrowse ver 0.33 (Pre-Beta Release)

Copyright 2015-2018 by Kevin A. Straight under the terms of the GNU Public 
License


Installation:

Just copy the Python scripts "indexmeister" and "imbrowse" anywhere on 
your path and make them executable, then copy the man pages onto your man 
path.  You can run the script "install" on Debian based (and probably
most other) systems to do this automatically.


Documentation:  

The included man pages give a good overview of the programs.  
FAQs and a short tutorial video are available on my website:  
http://www.kevinastraight.com


Changelog:

0.40    Imbrowse: replaced or refactored abour 90% of the code;
        it should be significantly more stable and easier to
        maintain now.  Replaced external use of grep with an
        internal subroutine.  Colorized  UI.  Significantly
        improved "rollback" when user abandons changes.  Other
        minor UI tweaks.  Added command to invoke Nano from
        inside the indexing loop. Installer: minor changes---
        we don't need to check for grep anymore.  Documentation: 
        revised both man pages.  Added "Indexing Theory" and
        "History" sections to indexmeister man page.

0.33	Fixed a bug by which imbrowse created spurious files.
        Imbrowse can now scan sub-folders for .tex files.
        Indexmeister will now use hunspell if aspell isn't
        available.  Indexmeister has now been tested on
        Android w/ Termux.  Rewrote the install script in
        Python and made it considerably smarter. Merged in 
        some older changes that had accidentally dropped out in 
        version 0.32.

0.321   Indexmeister: Added logic to add words emphasized in LaTex by
        default.  Imbrowse: Now fails gracefully if the python-curses
        package is not installed.  Added a simple script (imhier) to list
        all index tags currently used in a LaTex document (up to 3 
        levels deep).  Began blocking out a TK-based GUI for the 
        programs (it doesn't do much yet).   

0.32    Indexmeister:  Fixed a bug where Indexmeister returned plain 
        text instead of Unicode characters when used with Pandoc 
        back-end.  Improved Unicode support in general.  Changed 
        punctuation-parsing logic.  Added a rule to exclude all-caps
        sections of a file.  Imbrowse: Fixed bug where Unicode
        characters were not displaying on the home screen.  Other minor
        bug fixes.

0.31    Minor bug fix release.  Also spell-checked man pages.

0.30    Added support for Pandoc as a back-end for indexmeister.  Wrote
        man pages for both programs.  
        
        
Bug Reports and How to Help Out:

This is a pre-Beta release so there are still many issues.  I am 
particularly interested to know which systems the programs run on and 
what you did to make them work.  Feel free to email me at 
<longhunt@yahoo.com> with any comments or suggestions.

If need help getting the programs to run on your system, feel free to
email me.  Do please keep the following in mind, however:

	1)  This is free software with no support.  I will usually try to 
		help you if I can, but I make no promises.

	2)  I don't actually have internet out at my place, and only check
		email on the days I walk into town to use the library.  That 
		doesn't happen every week, so please be patient.  

	3)  A corollary to the above is that you should probably include
		as much information as possible in the first email that you send
		me, so we don't need to go back and forth as many times.  At the
		minimum, any useful bug report should include:  system type--e.g.
		"Linux", "Android", "Mac OS", etc.  distribution and version--e.g.
		"Debian 8", "Snow Leopard", "Android Marshmallow", etc.  
		System architecture--e.g. "AMD64", "PPC", "ARM", etc.  Whether 
		you have the following programs installed, and the versions:  
		detex, pandoc, aspell, hunspell, python2.    I realize that you 
		may not know all of the above, but the more information you give 
		me, the better.  Screen dumps of error messages are also good.  
		You can also zip up the whole folder and send it to me so I can 
		try to reproduce the problem.

	4)  If you are a grad student, the week before your thesis is due
		is a bad time to be installing pre-alpha software and trying 
		to make it work.  I was a grad student too once, so I know 
		how it is, and how useful a miracle would have been.  But you
		need to have realistic expectations. I personally find that
		this software lets me index a book that would have taken me
		a week to index in the old days in only two or three days. I 
		consider that to be a very useful improvement.  Your experience 
		may vary. Note that I am mostly working on humanities books on 
		a Debian Linux environment.  The more different your discipline 
		and system are from mine, the more fiddling you are going to need
		to do to make it work for you.  If time is short you might
		be better off doing your index by hand this time.    

-Kevin
